Add more information about name cleanup (#245)
artefactual/archivematica-docs: user-manual/transfer/clean-up-names.rst

.. _clean-up-names:

==============
Clean up names
==============

The clean up names microservice runs twice during processing - once on the
Transfer tab and once on the Ingest tab. The purpose of this microservice is to
ensure that Archivematica's tools and processes do not fail because of
characters that appear in file or directory names.

> Archivematica groups a wide variety of tools together to create preservation

Reviewer: I tried to see if we say this anywhere else in the docs (it seems like something we might say!) but I could only find this: Should we link to it? https://www.archivematica.org/en/docs/archivematica-1.8/getting-started/overview/microservices/ 

Ooh! Or maybe this one? https://www.archivematica.org/en/docs/archivematica-1.8/user-manual/preservation/preservation-planning/#tools

Author: Added the second link!

workflows. Some of the tools that Archivematica uses have a narrowly-defined
scope in terms of what the tool considers to be a valid character for a file or
directory name. Encountering a character that the tool considers to be invalid
can cause the tool to fail, which can halt processing and interfere with normal
operation of Archivematica.

> To prevent these kinds of tool failures from happening, Archivematica implements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent these kinds of failures from happening, Archivematica implements
```
At this point I feel like the context is set, we don't need to use tool again for the moment. I suggested we take it out, but do you think reads okay?

Author: Added manually, even though I want to use the suggestion feature so bad.

a script that changes file and directory names to conform to requirements of the

> most restrictive tools. Valid characters are defined by `specific code`_ in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
more restrictive ones. Valid characters are defined by `specific code`_ in
```
If we use the change above, then we'd need a pronoun here. It might work?

Author: I think "more restrictive tools" would read better?

Author: Fixed up manually.

> most restrictive tools. Valid characters are defined by `specific code`_ in

Reviewer: > Valid characters are defined by specific code in Archivematica:

I see what you mean. There might be a way we can be more precise for the reader here, not just to help us maintain the sensitivity with which you've approached these docs, but to open up a greater possibility of change as well.

If we say:

`Valid characters are defined by specific code used by Archivematica:`

The context is that outside of these docs we can better clarify that the limited set below is not entirely a design choice by our team. The fact that these characters is *such* as narrow band comes from the standard Python library we use: https://docs.python.org/3/library/string.html#string.ascii_lowercase 

We could add the detail, but I'm only advocating for `in` to be replaced with `used by`.

Author: I think this is a good suggestion! Can you suggest the change? I want to make use of this fun feature :smile_cat:

Reviewer: Hahaha! I feel like I'm being a party-pooper, but because my comment and first suggestion are restricted to the one line it won't let me! Sorry :smiley:

Author: Hehe that's okay. Thanks.

Author: Fixed!

Archivematica:

``-_.()abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ0123456789``

The script tries to replace any character that is not included in the above list
with its nearest equivalent - for example, the character ``Č`` is replaced by
``C``. Where the script cannot find a close equivalent, the character is
replaced by an underscore. The change is documented in the METS file.

.. csv-table::
   :file: _csv/file-name-edits.csv

>    :header-rows: 1

Reviewer: This is a very cool way to include a table!

Author: @currmie taught us this! :tada:

.. _clean-up-names:

==============
Clean up names
==============

The clean up names microservice runs twice during processing - once on the

> Transfer tab and once on the Ingest tab. The purpose of this microservice is to

Reviewer 2: Sort of a general style guide question -- do we usually say "Transfer tab" and "Ingest tab" or "during Transfer" or some other archivally-suited way? I think how you are saying it is fine, just wondering about alternatives I've used in the past and what we generally should aim for when describing digipres software!

Author: I usually say "on the Transfer tab" or "on the Ingest tab" for clarity, especially when it's a job/task that appears on both. But I think other alternatives are fine, as long as it's obvious where we're all supposed to be looking!
